W-15596023-CIDR-changes (#199)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-create-configure.adoc

--
.. Select the xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#private-network-region[region] where you want your apps to run.
.. Enter the xref:ps-gather-setup-info.adoc#cidr-block[CIDR block], which is the range of IP addresses that your apps can use.

> .. Optionally, enter your corporate private network's reserved CIDRs to connect to your private space. 

Reviewer: Optionally, reserve your corporate private network's CIDRs to connect to your private space.

Author: ```suggestion
.. Optionally, reserve your corporate private network's CIDRs to connect to your private space by entering them in a comma-separated list. 
```

Reviewer: can we also document the two approaches to specify reserved corporate CIDRs (from 1-pager)?

Author: I don't have a place to put those right now. That will take more explanation elsewhere. It cannot go in this list.

+

> When you reserve your CIDRs, Anypoint Platform creates IPs for your private space without using these blocks to prevent conflicts with your private network. 

Author: ```suggestion
When you reserve your corporate CIDRs, Anypoint Platform creates IPs for your private space without using these blocks to prevent conflicts with your corporate private network. 
```
